README.md, before:

# portfolio

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Key Features
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License
- FAQ

-->

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="/images/logo.png" alt="logo" width="150"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Kemboi Portfolio README Doc</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Portfolio <a name="about-project"></a>

Portfolio is my second project as a Micronaut. Its all about my skills as a Front End Developer.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> HTML and CSS Languages

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://html.com/">HTML</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Styling</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://css-tricks.com/">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> The key features added in this project.

- HTML
- Cascading Style Sheet

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> To get started as a deveoper, below is instructions on how to make use of this project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

1. Latest version of your browser
2. Code Editor

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Run this command

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:okemboi/porfolio.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd porfolio
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open index.html using liver server extension.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> This is a solo project, successfully submitted by myself;

👤 Kemboi Kiptanui

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/okemboi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kiptanuikemboi/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Features to be added in this project include.

- JavasScript
- Algorithims
- Database
- Ruby

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/okemboi/porfolio/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please support me by following me on Github; <a href ="https://github.com/okemboi">Kemboi</a> and give a star to this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse team for making this program possible.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

> Frequently Asked Questions

- Which browser works best for this project?

  - Any modern browser i.e. Firefox, Google Chrome,Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, Opera, Brave, Vivaldi, DuckDuckGo, Chromium, Epic

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

I Added live demo to the read me files

README.md, after:

# portfolio

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!--
REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Key Features
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License
- FAQ

-->

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="/images/logo.png" alt="logo" width="150"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Kemboi Portfolio README Doc</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
    - [Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Portfolio <a name="about-project"></a>

Portfolio is my second project as a Micronaut. Its all about my skills as a Front End Developer.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> HTML and CSS Languages

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://html.com/">HTML</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<details>
  <summary>Styling</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://css-tricks.com/">CSS</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> The key features added in this project.

- HTML
- Cascading Style Sheet

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> The key features added in this project.

Feature Coming Soon!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> To get started as a deveoper, below is instructions on how to make use of this project.

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

1. Latest version of your browser
2. Code Editor

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Run this command

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone git@github.com:okemboi/porfolio.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

```sh
  cd porfolio
  npm install
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

Open index.html using liver server extension.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

> This is a solo project, successfully submitted by myself;

👤 Kemboi Kiptanui

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/okemboi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kiptanuikemboi/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

> Features to be added in this project include.

- JavasScript
- Algorithims
- Database
- Ruby

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/okemboi/porfolio/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, please support me by following me on Github; <a href ="https://github.com/okemboi">Kemboi</a> and give a star to this project.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse team for making this program possible.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FAQ (optional) -->

## ❓ FAQ <a name="faq"></a>

> Frequently Asked Questions

- Which browser works best for this project?

  - Any modern browser i.e. Firefox, Google Chrome,Microsoft Edge, Apple Safari, Opera, Brave, Vivaldi, DuckDuckGo, Chromium, Epic

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
